README.md, before:

# Intro to Developing Web-based xAPI Content
  
This project was first presented at the ADL xAPI Bootcamp in Alexandria, VA in 2015. It is now being maintained here to allow others to access this workshop. If you are interested in try the code tutorial, refer to the steps in the 

[Instructions in the webcontent Readme] (https://github.com/adlnet/Intro-to-Developing-Web-based-xAPI-Content/blob/master/webcontent/Readme.md).  

#### Facilitator(s)
[Tom Creighton](https://www.linkedin.com/pub/tom-creighton/16/9b7/14), [Lou Wolford](https://www.linkedin.com/pub/lou-wolford/42/747/623) 

#### Session description
This session will be an introduction to developing web-based Experience API (xAPI) Content with pre-built open source tools from ADL. It will first cover the syntax of an xAPI statement from a non-developer POV using [xAPI Remarks](http://adlnet.github.io/xapi-remarks/), and will gradually move to writing syntactically-correct xAPI statements with JSON and [xAPI Lab](http://adlnet.github.io/xapi-lab/). We will then validate these with the statement validator that is hosted on the Learning Record Store (LRS). The session will also cover the [xAPI Javascript wrapper](http://adlnet.github.io/xAPIWrapper/#xapiwrapper) with examples, and will touch base with the Java wrapper ([jXAPI](https://github.com/adlnet/jxapi)) that is available.

#### Prerequisites 
Familiarity with HTML, Javascript, and Java

#### What to bring with you
* [ADL xAPI Tools](http://adlnet.github.io/)
* xAPI Wrapper: http://adlnet.github.io/xAPIWrapper and https://github.com/adlnet/xAPIWrapper
* [jXAPI](https://github.com/adlnet/jxapi)

#### Resources covered in session
* [Simple Statement Examples](https://gist.github.com/ljwolford/0691f7d1b835921c8533)
* [Valid/Invalid Statement Examples](https://gist.github.com/ljwolford/56f575603b70c9be5ae6)
* [Simple jXAPI Example](https://gist.github.com/ljwolford/a2b0400be064403b2574)

## License
   Copyright &copy;2016 Advanced Distributed Learning

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

updates for workshop and launch

README.md, after:

# Intro to Developing Web-based xAPI Content

This project was created to support various xAPI Workshops. If you are interested in trying the code tutorial, refer to the steps in the

[Instructions in the webcontent Readme] (https://github.com/adlnet/Intro-to-Developing-Web-based-xAPI-Content/blob/master/webcontent/Readme.md).  

#### Facilitator(s)
[Tom Creighton](https://www.linkedin.com/pub/tom-creighton/16/9b7/14)  
[Lou Wolford](https://www.linkedin.com/pub/lou-wolford/42/747/623)

#### Session description
 The session will cover the [xAPI Javascript wrapper](http://adlnet.github.io/xAPIWrapper/#xapiwrapper) with examples.

#### Prerequisites
Familiarity with HTML and Javascript

#### Resources covered in session
* xAPI Wrapper: http://adlnet.github.io/xAPIWrapper and https://github.com/adlnet/xAPIWrapper

## License
   Copyright &copy;2016 Advanced Distributed Learning

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
